add jvm clarification (#57460)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/setup/install/docker.asciidoc

endif::[]

>  ifeval::["{release-state}"!="unreleased"]

Reviewer: Would you mind removing this extra leading space, please?

variable to set the heap size. For example, to use 16 GB, specify
`-e ES_JAVA_OPTS="-Xms16g -Xmx16g"` with `docker run`. Note that while the
default root `jvm.options` file sets a default heap of 1 GB, any value you set

> in `ES_JAVA_OPTS` will override it. The yaml file above (docker-compose.yml) sets the size to 512 megabytes.

Reviewer: Since the preceding text refers to "GB", lets use "MB" here. Let's also uppercase "YAML".

```suggestion
in `ES_JAVA_OPTS` will override it. The `docker-compose.yml` file above sets the heap size to 512 MB.
```
